TOPIC
    about_XLogging

SHORT DESCRIPTION
    This help explain general considerations for XLogging module.

LONG DESCRIPTION
	TERMS
		user - That script or programmer that user this object.
		log packet - A object that contains informations about logged message (see more later)
		The Log (or just "Log") - This module.
	
	GENERAL INFORMATION
	
		THe XLogging module was created based on log facilities provided by a module called CustomMSSQL, a another powershell module for extended sql server management.
		Because XLogging presents many useful features for any type of powershell script, a separate independently module was created!
	
		The Log allows you logging by proiding a Object with properties and methods for interacting with it facilities.
		In simple case, you calls the functions GetLogObject and stores it on variable. Its returns a object that represents a instance of The Log.
		After this, you can call method "log" and provide a message. After that, log engine will do the work.
		
		The main taks of log engine is write log message to destination. It use LogTo property to determine the destinations.
		Another important task of log engine is write the only logs which the level is specified by user. 
		For example, if user specify "PROGRESS" message only, just messages categorized as "PROGRESS" or bellow will be write to logs destinations. 
		Log method allows user specify a level when logging (calling Log method).
		This can be a bit confusing, but this architecture allows the user write logs just by calling Log method. Log engine takes care of write out or not.
		The user cannot worry about when a logging need to be made using ifs. The code stay clean.
		
		The property LogLevel specify the allowed level to be logged. Any log message with level bigger thant specified here, ist descarted by log engine.
		The parameter, LogLevel, of Log method, specify the logged level of message.
		The Log Engine provides a feature called Dynamic Level Discovery. With this, a custom script can determine automatically the level of message and user worry just about calling "Log 'message'".

		You can control many options and change the default behaviors of log engine.
		Internally, the log engine use a concept of LogPacket. A LogPacket is simple a object with all information about logging message (and the message logged, of course).
		

	THE LOG LEVELS
		The log levels supported by engine is defined on function GetLogLevels.
		Its is a hashtable where each name is the log level name and value is a number.
		The number is used for determine if a specific level is lower or  higher than another level.
		Higher levels always include lower levels. For example, if LogLevel property is set to 3, then levels 1,2 and 3 are logged.
		
	THE LOG PACKET
		The log packet is a object that contains informations about logged message.
		It contains following properties (Check NewLogPacket function to updated properties and description)
			- message: The logged message.
			- ts: The [datetime] that message as logged. You can use this for bypass delay between log call and log processing.
			- level: The message level name. You can use the GetLogLevels function to get correct number.
			- custom: Can contains custom data passed by user
			
		Log packets are sent in specific locations to custom user scripts.
		
	DYNAMIC LEVEL DISCOVERY (DLD)
	
		Dynamic Discovery is a facility provided by Log object for allow Log engine determine message level based on message logged.
		The discovery engine is a simple scriptblock that analyze the message and determine the level.
		The Log provides a uses a default script that do following:
	
			- If message starts with a tab, this is considered DETAILED.
			- If message stats with a any string and a string "Command:" its is considered verbose (its assume the you printing a command that will be executed)
			- If nothing of this, PROGRESS is used.
			
		User can provide a custom script via property DLDScript property of the log.
		This property is a scriptbock that receives a LogPacket with current logging information.
		
		For disable DLD, use can set property UseDLD to false. (The default is true). This is useful if logging is affecting perfomance of script.
		Disabling DLD causes all messages to be a PROGRESS as default (if another is not specified with level parameter of Log method)
		DLD isnt not use in this cases:
		
			- Is disabled.
			- If a log level was passed used "LogLevel" parameter of Log method. 

EXAMPLES
	Nothing still.

KEYWORDS
    LOGGING DEVELOPMENT POWERSHELL

SEE ALSO
    Nothing still.

